-e .
aiodns==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   turbo-sticks
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   discord-py
    #   turbo-sticks
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   turbo-sticks
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   flake8-bugbear
bandit==1.8.3
    # via turbo-sticks
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   turbo-sticks
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pycares
    #   turbo-sticks
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   turbo-sticks
coverage==7.8.0
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   turbo-sticks
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   turbo-sticks
    #   types-pyopenssl
    #   types-redis
discord-py==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   dpytest
    #   turbo-sticks
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
dpytest==0.7.0
    # via turbo-sticks
filelock==3.18.0
    # via virtualenv
flake8==7.2.0
    # via
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   turbo-sticks
flake8-bugbear==24.12.12
    # via turbo-sticks
flaky==3.8.1
    # via turbo-sticks
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gevent==25.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pytest-gevent
    #   turbo-sticks
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gevent
    #   turbo-sticks
identify==2.6.10
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   turbo-sticks
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mirakuru==2.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest-postgresql
    #   pytest-redis
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy==1.15.0
    # via turbo-sticks
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via mypy
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   turbo-sticks
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-postgresql
pbr==6.1.1
    # via stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
port-for==0.7.4
    # via
    #   pytest-postgresql
    #   pytest-redis
pre-commit==4.2.0
    # via
    #   pre-commit-uv
    #   turbo-sticks
pre-commit-uv==4.1.4
    # via turbo-sticks
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via mirakuru
psycopg==3.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pytest-postgresql
    #   turbo-sticks
psycopg-c==3.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   psycopg
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   turbo-sticks
pycares==4.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiodns
pycodestyle==2.13.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   turbo-sticks
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   turbo-sticks
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   turbo-sticks
pyflakes==3.3.2
    # via flake8
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   dpytest
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-gevent
    #   pytest-postgresql
    #   pytest-redis
    #   turbo-sticks
pytest-asyncio==0.26.0
    # via
    #   dpytest
    #   turbo-sticks
pytest-cov==6.1.1
    # via turbo-sticks
pytest-gevent==1.1.0
    # via turbo-sticks
pytest-postgresql==7.0.1
    # via turbo-sticks
pytest-redis==3.1.3
    # via turbo-sticks
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via time-machine
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bandit
    #   pre-commit
    #   turbo-sticks
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pytest-redis
    #   turbo-sticks
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   turbo-sticks
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   turbo-sticks
rich==14.0.0
    # via bandit
setuptools==80.0.0
    # via
    #   pbr
    #   types-setuptools
    #   zope-event
    #   zope-interface
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via bandit
time-machine==2.16.0
    # via turbo-sticks
types-cffi==1.17.0.20250326
    # via types-pyopenssl
types-gevent==24.11.0.20250401
    # via turbo-sticks
types-greenlet==3.2.0.20250417
    # via
    #   turbo-sticks
    #   types-gevent
types-oauthlib==3.2.0.20250408
    # via
    #   turbo-sticks
    #   types-requests-oauthlib
types-psutil==7.0.0.20250401
    # via
    #   turbo-sticks
    #   types-gevent
types-pyopenssl==24.1.0.20240722
    # via
    #   turbo-sticks
    #   types-redis
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20250402
    # via turbo-sticks
types-redis==4.6.0.20241004
    # via turbo-sticks
types-requests==2.32.0.20250328
    # via
    #   turbo-sticks
    #   types-requests-oauthlib
types-requests-oauthlib==2.0.0.20250306
    # via turbo-sticks
types-setuptools==79.0.0.20250422
    # via types-cffi
types-uwsgi==2.0.0.20240516
    # via turbo-sticks
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   mypy
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   turbo-sticks
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   turbo-sticks
    #   types-requests
uv==0.6.17
    # via
    #   pre-commit-uv
    #   turbo-sticks
uwsgi==2.0.29
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   turbo-sticks
virtualenv==20.30.0
    # via pre-commit
yarl==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
zope-event==5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gevent
    #   turbo-sticks
zope-interface==7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   gevent
    #   turbo-sticks
